[music]
Bloomberg Audio Studios podcasts, radio,
news.
[music]
>> Hello and welcome to another episode of
the Odd Thoughts podcast. I'm Tracy
[music] Aloway
>> and I'm Joe Weisenthal.
>> Joe, I have a present for you.
>> Okay, I'm excited.
>> It's December 10th. Yeah,
>> Christmas is coming up.
>> Christmas present. Cool. Anukica
present.
>> Here you go.
>> Let me see. What is this? Okay.
Quality. It's from quality sprays.com
and it's uh Wait, that seems like an
illegal drug. It says oxytocin.
>> It's not illegal. It's not illegal. I
got it off Amazon for like 60 bucks.
>> Oxytocin? That sounds illegal.
>> It's not.
>> Okay.
>> Do you know what oxytocin actually is?
>> I'm sure it's really bad. It's a
peptide.
>> Okay. I didn't know that.
>> Yeah.
>> I actually don't even know what a
peptide is. I've been hearing this word
peptide. I don't know what
classification of chemical or molecule
chain or anything a peptide is, but I've
been hearing about this word peptide
more and more.
>> This is important.
>> Thank you. You actually going to give
this to me or is this just a prop that I
have to give?
>> It's just a prop. Okay. And I just said
that that it's yours, but it's actually
mine. Okay. Peptides. Peptides are the P
in GLP ones that are so popular. I I
think I knew. Yeah, I think I I knew GOP
once was a peptide, but I still don't
What is it anyway?
>> All right. It the reason you're hearing
about it a lot is because a lot of
people seem to be using them in various
ways, and there are all these different
types of peptides that supposedly do
different things for the body. This one
apparently
makes you better at eye contact and more
sociable. So,
>> you know [laughter] what's really funny?
back in when I was in I could have used
this like 25 years ago. When I was
younger, like in college,
it didn't happen very often, but I
occasionally went on a few dates and
[laughter]
it very rare, very rare.
>> I'm not going to say anything.
>> Very rare occurrence. But one of the
things I would notice if I was out on a
date and like the girl would start like
messing with like her hair a little bit.
>> Means she likes you.
>> No. And she's like, "Is there something
wrong with my hair because you keep
looking like 3 in above my eyes?" Oh,
and I'm like, "No, I'm just very
awkward. It's very difficult for me."
And she's like, "Oh." I was like, "It's
very awkward for me. I'm not very good
at eye contact and so forth." And so, I
just assumed it was something in my hair
that I was like trying to get out. And I
was like, "No, I'm sorry. I'm just like
that."
>> This happened to you more than once.
>> Yes. So, I could have really used a
chemical that would solve the eye
contact problem. Now, I've grown up.
I've grown out of it. I can look someone
in the eye. Now,
>> I will say I have tested it. I'm not
entirely convinced of its effects, but
you know, in the name of science for all
thoughts, I have been a guinea pig.
>> So, we know GLP-1s, whatever they're
called, we go over and all those, those
are good for uh weight loss. And we know
it's almost a miracle drug, right?
Everyone's like incredible, but in
theory, there are other peptides out
there that could be equivalently
miraculous. We just don't really know
about them. And maybe they're not sort
of medicinalized the way that the weight
loss ones are.
>> Yeah. and also not distributed the same
way as GLP1s in America. And we're going
to get all into that because it's
actually a really interesting topic both
culturally and from a supply chain
perspective and we love supply chains.
So
>> we love supply chains.
>> All right. So for this particular topic,
we're actually going to have two guests.
>> Great.
>> Because it's so interesting and I got so
into the peptide world. Our first guest
is Jasmine's son. She is an independent
writer covering AI and San Francisco
culture and this is definitely a San
Francisco cultural thing. So Jasmine,
you are truly the perfect guest. Thank
you so much for coming on Odd Thoughts.
I am so excited to be here. So first of
all, why don't you just tell us a little
bit more about what peptides actually
are and how they first came onto your
radar screen?
>> Right. So peptides are basically short
chains of amino acids. They are the
building blocks of proteins. There are
peptides that are naturally occurring in
the human body. So for example, oxytocin
like you have right there. Uh we produce
it during pregnancy when you hug
somebody, hug your partner, hug your
family member. But there are also
synthetic peptides that are uh
manufactured in labs or people can take
these peptides that already exist in the
human body and ex inject extra of it if
your body say doesn't produce enough. So
insulin for example is an example of a
peptide that's been used obviously for
to treat diabetics for a very long time.
Um, so peptides are actually a very
broad class of drugs, but I think the
interest in more experimental peptides
and within biohacking communities and
things like that has really exploded in
recent years. I would trace it to
basically the boom in GLP-1 use. Um, a
lot of folks who I spoke to over the
past few weeks who have been
experimenting with peptides and
injecting them themselves first started
getting comfortable with even the idea
of injections which were previously seen
as a bit intense for people.
>> Yeah, you're injecting yourself with
drugs that has connotations,
>> right? But I think that GLP1s and WGO
were what really popularized it and made
people comfortable. So, it first came on
my radar, aside from the GLP story,
because I started seeing tweets that I'm
sure you guys have seen too, all over SF
Tech Twitter about how everybody has a
Chinese peptide dealer now. I thought
this was kind of a joke until I started
mentioning it in conversations and I
realized that my friends were on Chinese
peptides. They were like, "Wait,
Jasmine, are you not on these? They're
amazing. I got to get you on these
peptides. I got a dealer. I got my guy."
And I'm like, "What are you on about?"
And I think the first one that I heard
about people using which is the most
popular that I have since heard is
retatride which is what some people call
a GLP3. So basically GLP1s are through
the FDA process people are like
something like 12% of Americans
depending on what survey you look at are
using them. But there are now next
generation weight loss drugs that work
on not just the GLP-1 receptors but also
the GIP receptors and the glucagon
receptors to encourage even faster
weight loss. And these GLP3s like
reatride are still in phase two clinical
trials. But because people have been
watching this space, they're seeing
really good results in those clinical
trials. Some folks have thought, okay,
let me go straight to the source. I'm
going to find a chi Chinese manufacturer
that makes retatride for cheap and I
will import them at a low cost of maybe
a hundred bucks, 200 bucks a month from
one of these gray market suppliers and
use them myself for weight loss for
1/5if of the cost that I was getting my
prescription ompic at or something like
that.
>> I promised you this was a supply chain.
>> No, great. Obviously, we want to talk
more about peptides. That's what we're
here to talk about. But I actually just
want to back up one second because
you're a San Francisco culture reporter
among other things and you write a great
stuff about AI and communication, all
that stuff. One thing I think about a
lot these days is that we all know that
people in San Francisco really have a
very big influence on all of our lives,
right? Because they design the digital
products that essentially constitute
what makes modern living distinct. But
one thing I feel like and I I I struggle
around my articulate this all of these
other things that are part of the
contemporary San Francisco lifestyle
whether it's sort of like believing in
AI doom scenarios etc. It's like weird
cults that they form. Like to some
extent this is such an important beat
that you're on because we are all living
in the shadows of what has going on in
these people's brains, right? Like these
ideas that they think about body hacking
and so forth. They become the sort of
like consumer products and so forth that
everyone just sort of use with uses
without ever thinking about like some of
the philosophical gestalt behind it all.
>> Totally. I mean, I think that's totally
right. That's why I love the San
Francisco beat. I I sort of collapsed
it, too. Like, honestly, I just report
on San Francisco, whether that is um you
know, in the beginning of 2025, a lot of
it was about the young tech, right? And
why did that happen? It's about AI, all
the weird sub ideologies from AI doom to
the successionists who actually think
that AI has a moral duty to replace the
human species because they're superior
to us. There are all these weird strains
of thought. And I think SF especially
this year increasingly prides itself on
sort of being the place where the future
comes first. They've sort of re-imbraed
that identity of like we're going to
have funerals for AI models that we
miss. We are embracing robo taxi
abundance with Tesla robo taxis and
zuksas and whimos and we're going to be
the ones to try all this stuff first.
I'm going to a peptide rave this
Saturday with a cyberpunk dress code. Um
>> sounds very San Francisco.
>> It's very San Francisco. There are
underground robot bites that I'm sure
you guys have seen videos of. But I
think San Francisco is really leaning
into its identity these days of we kind
of going to be the place that is not
sort of suffering under the regulatory
decelerationist burden that the that's
plaguing the rest of the western world
and we're going to embrace the frontier
and I think peptides are part of that.
It's a signaling thing as much as a
health thing.
>> Well, okay. Speaking of the tech
community, is it true that something
like oxytocin, it actually improves your
eye contact? And the way I heard it was
this could be helpful for people who are
in tech and yeah, maybe [laughter]
aren't that sociable.
>> Oh my god. Yeah. So, the oxytocin is the
only peptide that I've personally tried.
I think I first heard about it because
Will Dep Pew, who's like a young AI
researcher at OpenAI, tweeted about it
as I think nasal oxytocin is going to be
ompic for autism, which is [laughter]
an incredible line. Like what the like
what the hell is this? And it's been
tested on people with asperers to help
improve again those feelings of social
connection, empathy, warmth that comes
as a nasal spray you can get for 50
bucks, 60 bucks off Amazon or something.
So, I also, like you, Tracy, when I
tried it, I didn't think it worked, but
my friends did insist that I was a
little bit friendlier than I normally
am, and I was in fact making more eye
contact. So, maybe more than I thought.
>> Some experiments here at Odd Thoughts
and just have a bunch of conversations
where we're on and off the oxytocin and
see what happens.
>> We got I really I really could have used
that in uh in college for sure. So,
there's all kinds of ones, right? So,
okay, JF1's weight loss. This one
supposedly helps you with eye contact
and connection. What are some of the
other things that people are using
peptides for?
>> So, aside from the GLP1s and the GLP3s,
which are the most popular, there are
all sorts of pep peptides. They are a
really, really broad class of chemical.
So, the most popular other than that is
BPC-157, which supposedly helps with
muscle healing and regeneration. So
after a really hard workout, that one
has been experimented with in
bodybuilding communities for many years.
So there's all these crazy bodybuilding
forums where people are playing with
this stuff and human growth hormone and
things like that. There is melanotan
which supposedly increases melanin
production in the skin. So I talked to a
founder, a CEO of a unicorn logistics
company who told me that his first
peptide was melanotan because he hated
being a ginger. He had always wanted to
stop being a ginger. So, he cured it by
taking this thing that increases your
melanin production and makes you tanner.
Another person described it to me as the
hot, horny, and tan peptide. Um, so that
one for the those who aren't getting
enough sunlight, shut in in an office,
maybe that's your pick. There is epalon,
which folks have credited with
increasing improving their sleep.
There's Cax, which people believe helps
with their anxiety. To be clear, most of
the peptides, aside from the GLPS, have
not been in any human trials whatsoever.
So a lot of this sort of comes from
anecdotal evidence and people
experimenting rather than from like FDA
approved or like RCTs and some of these
you know only have animal trials or cell
culture in vitro tests. Yeah. I wanted
to ask you about this actually because
my impression is peptides like there's
not much profit to be made from them for
the pharma companies and so it's just
not worth it to them to actually test on
humans. and yet they're still
commercially available.
>> That is one of the stories I heard
because, you know, I asked, well, GLP1s
have been so profitable. So, like, why
aren't people trying to push through FDA
trials these other peptides that people
have been crediting with like
transformative health improvements or
whatever? And the story I heard is that
because peptides are these very small,
very basic chains, they're too
commoditized. Basically, like at the
point where these Chinese factories are
able to without a ton of like extremely
advanced scientific knowledge be able to
manufacture them on mass, no company is
going to want to invest like hundred
million, a billion dollars in getting it
through the like excruciating FDA trial
process. And so that sort of left
peptides in this gray market environment
where people are saying like, "Okay,
like I might as well go import this
stuff from China, maybe get it purity
tested myself. It's going to cost a few
hundred dollars in total and let's just
see."
>> Yeah, let's talk about that because I
don't love the idea of sticking myself
with needles, but then also I don't love
the idea of like sticking myself with
needles for some random thing that came
from a factory
>> or having a dealer, right? certain
[laughter]
my thing and I want to get into the
legal aspects of all this as well. But
yeah, talk to us about the I guess just
the comfort that people have with
frankly injecting themselves with
chemicals that they probably have no
idea what's in there or can't verify it
or have no idea how the quality of the
lab in China that they're getting them
from.
>> Yeah. I mean, so I've interviewed
probably a dozen plus people, peptide
users, in and around the tech community
over the past few weeks, and I will say
that almost everyone I spoke to, I'd ask
like, hey, are you scared? Are you
worried? Did you have to like get over a
mental hump with this stuff? And most of
them would tell me, you know what, like
I have a higher risk tolerance than most
people. I think this is something that
say startup founders in particular
really pride themselves on. And a lot of
these people were startup founders,
right? They're they think I'm the kind
of person who is willing to take risks.
I'm the kind of person who doesn't
really need to wait until I'm given
permission to do something whether
that's by a regulator, by some boss. I
can sort of study up in my own way and
that's good enough. So like I think
people were surprisingly they were very
comfortable telling me there is some
risk. I know that there have been some
negative side effects but you know what
I keep a journal every day. I have
friends who have used it. I'm going to
suppliers that are showing their testing
certifications from top peptide testing
firms and that's good enough for me even
though I wouldn't recommend that
everybody do this. But you're right,
Joe, this is a legal gray area. Some
people would even say black market. So
use of the vast majority of these
peptides, particularly the nonGLPS. um
no human trials, no FDA approval whether
for pharmaceutical use or for use in
compoundingarmacies which GLPs have been
somewhat approved for. What that means
is that it is an illegal gray area
because they're also not on DEA list. So
they're also not in the sort of illicit
drug list. It's sort of a we don't know.
And so one funny thing that people joke
about is all of the vials for these
peptides will say for research use only.
Right. Because everyone's conducting
[laughter] peptide research apparently.
>> Exactly. So these uh Chinese
manufacturers what they are allowed to
do is to ship peptides around the world
for research use for scientists for
medical researchers for bio researchers.
And so as long as you're not saying it's
for human use, you don't have to prove a
certain level of purity standard. You
don't need necessarily a factory that
follows cgmp protocols which are an FDA
approval to know that a factory meets
certain quality standards. But again,
research use has a lower bar. So people
are basically importing the peptides for
research use. And then what they'll
sometimes do is then ship it separately
to purity testing firms. So there are
different ones that people trust and
don't located in the US, located in
Europe. But they'll basically take their
batch of peptides that they got from the
Chinese manufacturer, take a few
samples, ship them off to a testing
site, get a certification that it's pure
or it's impure, and then they will go
mix them themselves. Um, certain
suppliers will basically serve as the
American middlemen. They will be
US-based companies that will negotiate
with the Chinese factories themselves,
sort of figure out which ones are
trusted by running purity tests on like
10 different Chinese factories. they
find pick the one that they trust the
most and then sort of offer their
brand's guarantee of running the purity
testing process for the US buyers. And
so like it really depends on people's
risk tolerance. I've spoken with people
who are going direct and literally just
being in contact with the manufacturers
themselves. I've also spoken to people
who have said I'm willing to use this US
middleman supplier that my friends are
all using and say is legit and is
providing these tests and certifications
but I'm not going to go straight to the
factory. talk to us about the info
sharing a little bit more because this
is one aspect of the peptide community I
guess you would call it is everyone is
sort of sharing maybe their personal
dealer personal supplier and also info
on their personal experience with
efficacy
totally I think the sort of epistemology
of the space is super interesting
because it's very word of mouth based
very anecdotal and I think it is rooted
in a growing distrust of the medical
establishment established sources. So
people are sort of embracing this do
your own research. So I would say that
quote unquote bro wellness influencers
like Joe Rogan or Andrew Huberman have
both talked extensively about these
peptides to their very wide audiences.
So followers in those communities are
learning about them. There's a lot of
word of mouth. For example, at certain
gyms trainers and people who train
together will be sharing their peptide
stacks. Um, one of the folks who I spoke
to learned about the peptides at less
online, which is a rationalist
conference that happens every spring.
There was a GLP1 session that she went
to. She then discovered this person that
everybody else was on Red True Tide
instead. And they all decided to tell
her, "Hey, we're all still alive, so
like you should get on this." There's
less wrong posts on the rationalist
forum describing people's day-by-day
experiences with peptides. There are
amateur substack blogs. There are very
shady Telegram and Discord groups where
people are advertising their suppliers.
Though honestly, I think I would not
choose a supplier off like a Telegram or
Discord group personally, but it is kind
of the wild west out there in terms of
information and most people are really
just going off social proof and the
people that they personally know.
>> You know, we did an episode a while back
about Adderall and of course a lot of
people who are, you know, work in front
of a computer are feel that they can get
some edge on Aderall. Is there like a
level of competitiveness though in the
culture such that you feel like look
other people are maybe they're more
locked in maybe they're better at office
politics or maybe better at pitching a
VC because you know they've got their
where people feel like they have to be
on these or they feel like they have to
optimize their peptide stack so that
they can compete and sort of be at their
best.
>> Oh yeah, absolutely. I mean, one of the
YC founders I talked to, she literally
said, "It's another thing I can optimize
just like my SEO. She runs a SAS
business as her day job." Or another
thing that somebody in these communities
told me is these people like sometimes
they're not overweight. In fact, a lot
of the time these folks are not actually
overweight and the reason they're taking
say true or weight loss peptide is
because they want to eliminate the food
noise so they don't have to take a break
for lunch. They can just be locked in
for 16 hours straight. or like why do
you have to go to the gym which is gonna
you know drain your ability to run a few
more experiments or whatever when you
could just be taking one of these and so
I think there is a lot of this
optimization ethic that is driving
people's desire another piece that I'm
sort of thinking about is whether the
looks maxing trends you know have
impacted Silicon Valley as well so one
of the founders who I spoke to who is
using a weight loss peptide mentioned
that she watches YC launch videos and
she realizes none of the founders are
overweight anymore and I'm going to have
to be on video if I'm a founder. I'm
going to have to go on podcasts and I
want to make sure that I look my best.
So, I do think that these sort of
optimization trends are impacting
peptide use as well. Yeah, this is
something we've discussed on the show
before, but this idea that looks maxing
is going to become more important as
information gets commoditized or the
knowledge economy gets commoditized via
AI. Then your only edge is going to be
basically what you look like and how you
interact with people. By the way, I'm a
big fan of no lunch in the office. Joe
knows this. [laughter] I I refuse to eat
like the sad salads that cost $20 over
here in New York. I find it's better
just to save my calories for like a
really nice dinner. But anyway, talk to
us about how you've seen the future of
peptides kind of unrolling because it
does seem to be it's kind of a a weird
thing where these are becoming more
popular and presumably we're just at the
beginning stages of people hearing about
this and more people consuming them. But
there's little to no sign of FDA
approval or these becoming sort of I
don't want to say legalized because
they're in this gray market area, but
made official in some way, right? It's
hard to say. Everyone I spoke to,
whether suppliers or doctors in
California, definitely said that they
saw peptide use booming this year. I've
been seeing more news in mainstream
journal, mainstream newspaper outlets
about personal peptide use. I think that
peptide use is going to explode. I mean,
as soon as people realize that I can be
paying $200 for the same simaglletide
that I am currently getting for 1,200, I
find it very hard to imagine that that
is not going to explode. There are Tik
Tok influencer niches telling you how to
mix the bacteratic water with the
powdered stuff in the vials and how to
inject it if you've never done it
before. As for the policy environment, I
think it's hard to predict. Last year,
RFK Jr., the Secretary of Health and
Human Services said that he would end
the Biden administration's war on
peptides. He sort of has embraced these
take your health into your own hands
like experimental therapeutics. At the
same time, there hasn't actually been
action so far this year by the Health
and Human Services Administration to
bring peptides into a more legal zone.
So, while RFK has signaled that he will,
there hasn't been policy action yet. I
did reach out to the HHS and the FDA for
comment and they said that they cannot
predict future regulation but that they
are actively revising the list of bulk
peptides that are allowed for
compounding and compounding pharmacies.
So sort of classic we don't know maybe
looking at it language but folks in the
peptide community are really hoping to
see a more at least less a fair
regulatory stance where they're not
going to be shutting down these peptide
suppliers.
>> Jasmine son that was absolutely amazing.
you were truly the perfect guest to talk
about the intersection of peptides and
San Francisco culture. So, thank you so
much for coming on All Thoughts.
>> Thanks so much for having me. Um, better
get ready for my peptide rave.
>> That's right. Have
>> fun.
[music]
>> [music]
>> So Joe, Jasmine did a great job of
introducing us to the peptide space
about which we don't really know
anything, but I think we need to talk to
someone who's actually in the business.
Yeah, this is one of those stories where
it's obviously a cultural story, but
it's also a supply chain regulation,
marketing standpoint, which is like
where are they all coming from? How are
they getting them? How? And for me, it's
like how do people have any confidence
like what they're literally injecting
into their bodies? Where is this coming
from?
>> So, I have the perfect second guest.
We're going to be speaking with Zach
David. He is the managing partner of
Persec Technologies which runs peptide
partners which is a supplier of
peptides. So Zach, how did you get into
this space? Because you've had a
interesting career path,
>> right? I got into this space basically
solving the problem for myself a few
years ago. my health was very poor and I
started working with a specialist in the
wellness and longevity community and
[clears throat] functional medicine and
I noticed uh the peptide therapies that
she was prescribing were highly
effective but also extremely expensive.
So then I started doing a little supply
chain so soothing of my own and found um
found a much better solution to that.
And uh the question that she asked was,
"Do you think it would be legal for me
to do that for my patients?" And the
answer is, of course, no. But that set
off a 14-month investigation on how to
bring that into the legal market, which
is what uh we're eventually working on.
>> Why don't you tell us just sort of the
basics of what you do? What is the
service your business provides?
>> So, very similar to what I went through.
A lot of these peptide therapies are
either multi-year or lifelong and they
exist and people are going to Chinese
peptides to find cheaper solutions. And
so we started pushing for independent
testing for endotoxin screening for
heavy metals testing which the
incumbents in the industry were not
doing at all at the time. And now pretty
much everybody is.
>> So I have so many questions already, but
how do you actually go about finding a
supplier for a particular peptide? Cuz I
imagine, you know, you're dealing with
people who are all the way over in
China. There's probably a lot of
different companies to choose from and
not that much information out there
about them. How do you even begin to go
about doing this?
>> There's a good mix of how to find them.
a lot advertise on say Tik Tok or
they'll find you on WhatsApp. They will
hunt down your website and then
introduce themselves as suppliers. And
so we go through a long vetting process.
By some estimates, there are 10 major
manufacturers there and there are a
handful that manufacture in-house and
then there's something called
liophilization which is kind of like the
finishing step that puts it in the
bottles. We basically we're just
constantly talking to new potential
suppliers and we'll give them a try.
We'll send everything out for testing.
And the labs that we use are based in
the US that follow USP standards and FDA
guidelines. Um, which is a little bit
different than some some of the more
popular testing labs that are overseas.
>> Okay. Talk us through the step by step.
Okay. You find a supplier based in
China, you like them, whatever, etc.
Where does it arrive when it gets to the
US? Does it go to the lab first? Does it
go to you? And if it goes to you, what
percentage of vials or what percentage
of whatever is actually checked such
that you can say okay this is a good
batch,
>> right? So we randomly sample from say we
order a thousand miles, we'll randomly
sample you know between three and five.
>> Okay? And if the variance in the quality
is is very tight and we consider that a
good batch, we famously throw out
batches we don't consider up to our
standards. And sometimes we'll post
pictures of us dumping it in the trash
on Twitter,
>> which gets us a little cache, but uh
it's not fun to to dump money in the
garbage, but sometimes you have to do
it.
>> Can I just ask about the sequence of the
chain in particular because it is a
peptide. What is the type of storage
that it has to be involved in from the
container on the ship to the dock? Is it
a temperature type thing? How do you
ensure that sort of quality doesn't
degrade during the shipping process?
>> Yeah, it's a great question. You know,
[clears throat] if you were shipping
very large amounts, you would want a
cold chain supply the entire route.
However, the liophilization process
keeps things shelf stable for quite a
long time. And recent studies have shown
that it it doesn't degrade as fast as
people initially thought. So when we use
commercial grade freezers as soon as we
get it in and then we'll you know we'll
label the vials and then we'll randomly
sample.
>> Tell us more about the manufacturers in
China because I'm having a sort of hard
time wrapping my head around who they
actually are. So I take it most of them
are not big pharma offshoots. They're
sort of independent manufacturers. How
are these companies actually I guess
coming into being?
>> Yeah. So there's an interesting mix of
what are the gray market manufacturers
and well let's call it the lit market
manufacturers. There are a handful of 10
to 15 billion publicly traded companies
in China that do contract manufacturing
but they only sell to FDA supply like
FDA registered companies with supply
chains. the major gray market labs, they
only sell to other companies within
China who then finish it with the
liophilization and then sell directly to
the consumers.
>> And what's the actual material that
makes up a peptide? When we're talking
about peptides, like what are the
building blocks of a particular, you
know, I get a vial in in the uh mail.
What is it exactly? So the FDA
definition is that is is an an amino
acid chain of 40 or less. That
definition was added to the Federal
Register in 2020. And it is no surprise
that things like semiglutide otherwise
known as ompicaro
otherwise known as tepatide and the next
generation that everyone is currently
using called retatide all happen to be
exactly 39 in length. So I think there
was some clever lobbying
>> but also things less than 50 tend to be
very stable unlike larger proteins which
tend to fold in on themselves and the
manufacturing process called solid phase
peptide synthesis is almost a is a
solved problem.
>> But how do we actually make amino acids?
>> That is a good question. I would have to
follow up with you on that. Some are
naturally derived and some are
synthetic. The resurgence in peptides
from its original heyday is partially
due to synthetic amino acids.
>> Just talk to us about law in regulation.
What is the stance of these things? I
actually still don't totally understand.
Are they legal to be sold? Are I don't
know what this term gray market means
etc. Just talk to us about how the
government whether we're talking
criminal authorities or just FDA type
authorities think about these things
right now.
So the guidance is very is very careful.
There has to be a lot of disclaimers
about not for human use on anything sold
for research purposes. Doctors can
prescribe them. For example, there's one
called Sirmoralin where it was abandoned
by the manufacturer for economic
reasons, not for safety reasons in
around 2008, but you can get it from
compoundingies in the United States.
>> Mhm. And so doctors will it was formally
FDA approved. However, things from
compoundingarmacies do not undergo the
same safety standards but doctors will
still prescribe stuff like that. The FDA
I think uh how we put this when it's for
research use only and you're
legitimately selling for research use.
It does not fall under there. You just
>> So a lot of people are conducting
peptide research in the comfort of their
own homes.
>> Yes. As as I'm sure you know, most
oddlass listeners are aware, the market
for micro pipets is growing 8%
year-over-year, projected through 3030.
So, I do believe that a lot of people
have the home labs. Yeah.
>> Wait, micro pipets. What are we?
>> Yes.
>> Little pipets.
>> What? [snorts]
This is What is that? Oh, that's like a
little thing to extract some liquid. Is
that what we're talking about? So, this
is our proxy for peptide consumption is
the booming market for micro pipets.
>> Is the booming market for micro pipets.
>> I'll take it. It's a that's a little
it's a little tongue and cheek, but
>> No, no, no. But this is useful. It's
like, okay, like if we see this thing
rising, then intuitively this is what
they're using for. So in your marketing,
what do you have to say such as that you
don't run a foul of people in DC or
wherever?
>> We have strict terms and conditions for
research use only, labeled on the boxes,
labeled on the vials, labeled on the
website. We do not even use the term
dosing. We only talk about sample sizes
and just we are very very very pro-
research but there is a big movement of
people who self-organize in telegram and
discord communities who are
experimenting on themselves.
>> Longtime internet friend of the podcast
BB chairman Bbi I saw she had a Chinese
peptide rave in [laughter] San Francisco
this week.
>> Yes there she yes we sponsored it. It
was nice. We had a great time. She's a
very very very good friend of mine. I'm
guessing that's the same one Jasmine
went to probably. I assume unless
>> there San Francisco could there be two
Chinese peptide raid weekend would not
[laughter] surprise me at the slightest.
>> So, Zach, how do you actually decide
which peptides to stock? Is it whichever
ones are getting the most buzz on Tik
Tok? Do the manufacturers approach you
with new things that they're making and
then you test them out?
>> That's a Yeah, that's a very good
question because the formularies change
a lot. Although between the
manufacturers and the suppliers, they do
have very very similar formularies. The
ones who deal with the controlled
substances and anabolics, we tend to
stay away from. But the ones that we
stock, we look for good safety profiles
in humans. Unfortunately, for almost all
of these, there are not a lot of good
randomized control trials,
>> but a lot of them have good safety
studies in humans. But so certain things
like there's a popular one called
AOD9604
which has not had a successful human
trial ever. And so we just decided not
to stock that for ethical reasons. Okay.
So we know that in theory, well, we know
more than in theory that the most famous
peptides can curb your appetite and
therefore facilitate weight loss. Tracy
had a little thing of a spray that
ostensibly helped autists make better
eye contact, which is of course a
valuable skill if you want to live in
human civilization. What are some of the
other What are some of the other popular
What are the other things that people
are consuming peptides? What are any
that might surprise us?
>> So, there is a class called growth
hormone releasing peptides or growth
hormone stimulating peptides. They have
very short half- livives. Rather than
like HGH replacement therapy, like human
growth hormone replacement therapy,
which will eventually cause your body to
naturally stop producing its own, this
class works with your pituitary to make
like a an impulse and release some
growth hormone rather than replace it.
So that's
>> good for like weightlifters or
bodybuilders or anyone who just wants
more strength or that what we're talking
about. And yeah, and it's also been
increasingly prescribed by physicians
for improved sleep as well.
>> Could use that.
>> Why don't we manufacture peptides in the
US? How is it that China seems to
dominate this particular market?
>> That is a great question as well. I
believe it's the input input materials
and the labor and expertise required to
engineer it. What happens is a lot of
the raw materials are produced in China
and then over here they're finished in
facilities like doing the liophilization
and purification steps by
compoundingies.
>> Okay. Everyone who uses these they have
to inject them. Is this is it all
needles and vials?
>> Mostly at this time. However, we've seen
an increasing amount of oral
formulations. The problem is because
these are small molecules, the digestive
system breaks them down very quickly. So
creating reliable oral formulations for
peptide therapies as is been
historically very difficult.
[music]
How do you reduce costs in this space?
Is it buying in bulk from a particular
supplier or I don't know finding cheaper
manufacturers of vials and the
lionization process? Ionization process.
>> Liofilization.
>> It's it's just it's just a fancy word
for freeze drying.
>> Okay. All right. The freeze drying
process then. That's easier.
>> Yeah. So it it is it is buying in larger
and larger quantities. one of our
manufacturing partners over there, they
created a novel method of being able to
produce large quantities of raw
materials and the next step in our
company's evolution is going to be
buying a manufacturing facility and
starting to do that finishing step here
and slowly over time
>> bring this above board and fully FDA
compliant.
>> Am I stupid for not using peptides? I
work in a very competitive industry. I
have a very demanding schedule. I have
two children. I'm 45 and so I'm at the
second half of the curve and my body is
getting a little deteriorating and
getting a little bit closer to death
each day. Like am I stupid for like not
tasting the fruits of advanced science?
>> That is a question between you and your
physician.
>> Okay, [laughter]
that is a very smart answer. Do you feel
that it is an important element of your
ability to thrive and compete your
research into peptides?
>> I do. I like them a lot. I've noticed a
lot of good changes, especially my
health, my energy over the years, but I
also do work closely with a physician
and under the care of one.
>> Can I ask you a little bit about
marketing? How do people discover your
company?
>> How do people discover? So, let's see.
Word of mouth has been great of several
influencers have written about like the
cost effectiveness of our product and
then there's a website called Finrich
which has started to offer this
wonderful service where people can send
in files from anyone that they buy from
off off any of these research use only
sites. I think they've cover 140
companies now and we've started to take
number one slots on their site just left
and right. So I think we're doing
something we're doing something a little
bit better than everyone else.
>> So people crowdsourcing a lot of the
research and reviews and also I guess
you hold peptide raves, right? That's a
marketing thing.
>> That was that was once. It might happen
again. You know, I'm not much of a I'm
not much of a dancer, but I did I did
feel some questions.
>> Something that sort of works a little
bit like human growth hormone. I get is
very appealing. Weight loss again
concentrate. Are there any surprising
peptides? What's the most unexpected
thing that a peptide might in research
suggest could benefit someone?
>> I don't know if I should say this out
loud. Um,
>> that means you definitely should say it
out [laughter] loud.
>> Yeah. Okay. Well, there is one peptide
that goes under the name PT-141.
It's brand name. It's actually an FDA
approved one. It's called Vilei and it
is meant for low sex drive.
>> It's very completely legitimate. Nothing
wrong with saying that out loud. For men
and women.
>> Okay. It's meant for It's meant for
women, but according to people that I
who have told me, it works for men as
well.
>> Many people are saying, "What's the
What's the customs process actually like
for this? Cuz I imagine I mean customs
is a pain at the best of times and I
imagine for something like this it's
potentially even more complicated. And
then also have you been impacted by
tariffs at all?
>> Yeah, it was really fun to see the first
time a UPS driver asked for cash on
delivery since like 1998,
you know, like remember cash on remember
cash on delivery?
That was when they when tariffs first
came back and no one really knew, no one
had the infrastructure to charge in
advance. Now they'll now they'll let you
know, hey, you're going to owe $30 here,
$60 here. Uh,
>> it's like an online payment portal, too,
right? It's it's not,
>> but originally there wasn't. Originally,
there wasn't. The driver showed up and
wanted a check.
>> It's interesting. This PT
>> It was crazy.
>> I'm reading about this PT41. So unlike
Viagra which famously opens up blood
flow pathways, this one its method of
action is actually to increase the
underlying sexual excitement itself
which is sort of um different. Anyway,
it's interesting.
>> I have heard I have heard that it works.
>> You've heard that it works is um
>> Yep. I don't have any experience with it
but I have heard that it works.
>> Wait, so what does the customs
documentation actually look like? When
the stuff arrives at a port, what forms
are you filling out?
>> They're fun. They're they're half
they're, you know, half in Mandarin, so
it's a little difficult. [laughter]
>> Well, you know, we're scanned, GBT.
We're fine. Langu language doesn't
matter these days.
>> How long do you think it's going to
take, if it happens at all, for these
sorts of peptides to become, as you put
it, above board in the US.
>> So, there's an interesting history
there. So, the most popular ones
basically in September 2023, we call the
peptide Armageddon. about 17 20 of the
most popular ones that were prescribed
by doctors in the wellness and longevity
community were put on this what's called
the 503A
banned list and they banned
>> oh
>> the the prescribing of or the
compounding of certain peptides
and according to my physician it was not
for particularly good scientific reasons
but but the explanation that they give
is that it can trigger immune responses
that adverse or immune responses.
>> Last question for me. Has there been any
change in DC since the changing of the
administration in terms of either at the
FDA or otherwise?
>> So I go through all of the enforcement
letters that the FO you can go on the
website and you can see every
enforcement letter and every warning
letter that they send to every single
website. And I believe the last one ever
sent was December 2024. So, there has
not been a lot of enforcement. Yeah.
>> Yeah, that's a pretty big hint. All
right, Zach, we're going to leave it
there, but thank you so much for coming
on all bots. That was super interesting.
>> I'm such a huge fan of yours. It's been
great.
>> Oh, thank you.
>> We're going to use that in the sizzle
reel. Thank you so much, Zach.
[music]
So Joe, that was really interesting, fun
episode. Obviously, it intersects with a
bunch of OddLots themes, primarily
competition with China in the biotech
space and also supply chain issues and
medical regulation. Are we going to see
the White House adopt a industrial
policy to wean us off of our dependence
on China for experimental peptides?
Anyone talk about that?
>> What I was about to say is actually
we've talked about this before, but you
could envision a world where knowledge
becomes very commodified because of AI.
And so everyone's competitive edge is
basically what you look like, how how
you present yourself and interact with
others. So maybe in that economy
peptides have a lot of value.
>> Absolutely. I could totally see it. I
mean I think I mean the way I think
about that question is we don't even
need to talk about AI in the sense that
we are already on this path right people
have been looks maxing prior to the
invention of chat bots. People have felt
ever since the maybe since the iPhone or
maybe since Instagram etc.
>> Looks have always mattered but I think
we're at a different point. Yeah. No,
what I'm saying is like this already
feels like it's accelerating some of
these trends. Absolutely. Looks have
always mattered. People have always been
anxious about their weight, etc. But it
does feel like this pressure is just
building where everyone is thinking
about these things. Everyone feels very
competitive, all of these things, and
everyone is open about how competitive
these things.
>> It's kind of surprising. There was a
time when people didn't talk about
things like their plastic surgery, but
now
>> it seems very or more transparent than
it used to be. The other thing I was
thinking about just in terms of
regulation,
>> I mean it's notable that it's a gray
market, right, as we described and
ostensibly everyone is doing peptide
research in their basements and that's
kind of a joke, right? But on the other
hand,
>> it's not really a joke cuz what we're
doing is kind of outsourcing
human trials, I guess, to like citizens
who are opting in. they're the ones
opting in to test these new treatments.
>> You know, it's interesting. We did that
we did that episode with DA Wallik and
he talked about how we could have a
model of sort of market for
pharmaceuticals and therapies in which
the only thing required to sell
something is the safety trial because
right now for any therapy we do safety
and then efficacy but it is very you
could argue that really the only thing
that should be required is a safety
trial and then it's up to the consumer
or whatever. Um, you know, I think you
could make that argument that then it's
up to the doctor and the consumer
together to decide is this worthwhile
given the price of what we know about
it, etc. But what it feels like to me is
we're sort of entering this era in which
regardless of what the formal law states
or what regulations state, there's a
cultural move towards letting people
experiment as they want with things that
by and large it doesn't sound like
there's much evidence of particularly
harmful dangerous with a lot of this
stuff. Maybe some
>> no one has died from peptides that I
know
>> as far as I know. I haven't seen that,
etc. And so it feels like we're sort of,
you know, this is part of the um the
hacker culture. It's like, okay, there's
probably not much danger, I suppose, but
what it does for you, that's on you to
figure out.
>> All right. Thank you everyone who is
experimenting with peptides. You're
doing it for the greater good, I'm sure.
Shall we leave it there?
>> Let's leave it there.
>> This has been another episode of the Odd
Thoughts podcast. I'm Tracy Aloway. You
can follow me at Tracy Aloway.
>> And I'm Joe Weisenthal. You can follow
me at the stalwart. Follow our guest
Jasmine Sun. She's jasmine new son. and
Zack David. He's at ZackDavid. Follow
our producers Kerman Rodriguez at Kerman
Arman, Dashelob Bennett at Dashbot, and
Kellbrooks at Kellbrooks. For more
OddLots content, go to
bloomberg.com/odlots.
We have a daily newsletter and all of
our episodes, and you can chat about all
of these topics 247 in our Discord,
discord.gg/odlots.
>> And if you enjoy OddLots, if [music] you
like it when we talk about the peptide
supply chain, then please leave us a
positive review on your favorite podcast
[music] platform. And remember, if you
are a Bloomberg subscriber, you can
listen to all of our episodes absolutely
adree. All you need to do is find the
[music] Bloomberg channel on Apple
Podcast and follow the instructions
there. Thanks for listening.
[music]
>> [music]